Question 2)Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
Answer-
	Property			HTTP1.1								HTTP2
1->Web traffic			Risk of network congestion						Lesser Network delays

2->Performance optimization	Optimizations used are sprinting,inlining,domain shrading 		This protocol version removes the need for unnecessary optimization hacks.
				and concatenating.

3->Status code			It brings a warning header field to carry additional information        It brings the fundamental semantics of HTTP like headers,status code remains same.
				about the status of a message. It can define 24 status codes.		

4->Authentication mechanism	It uses digest authentication and NTLM authentication.			Its better equipped to deal with security threats, with TLS feature like 
													connection error of type inadequate security.

5->Security			SSL/TLS for secure encrypted communication				It also has minimum standards and minimum key size for encryption.



Question 3)Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript
Answer-

In Javascript, objects may be defined as an unordered collection of related data,in the form of “key: value” pairs.JavaScript object is basically a map from strings to values.

Ways to create an object in javascript are as follows-
1)Object literal-
object literal is a comma-separated list of name-value pairs wrapped in curly braces. 

var car={id:1 , name:’abc’ , display:function() }
As evident from the above example property values can be of any data type, including array literals, functions, nested object literals, or primitive data type.

2)Object constructor-
Object is being created using the constructor class,with the help of 'new' keyword.

function Person(name, age, eye) {
this.Name = name;
this.age = age;
this.eyeColor = eye;
}

creating objects using constructor-
var p1= new Person(“John”, 50, “blue”);
var p2= new Person(“Sally”, 48, “green”);


An object is essentially a collection of properties: basically key-value pairs. We can access properties using two different kinds of expressions:
obj.prop
obj[“prop”]